Foo 005 rw1 (#223)
resource-watch/data-pre-processing: foo_005_rw1_crop_area_production/README.md

## Crop Land Area and Production Dataset Pre-processing

> This file describes the data pre-processing that was done to [the Crop Land Area and Production](https://dataverse.harvard.edu/dataset.xhtml?persistentId=doi:10.7910/DVN/PRFF8V&version=4.0) for [display on Resource Watch](in progress).

Reviewer: link to rw?

Author: adding it

> The data was provided by the source as two zip files containing multiple TIFF files. The files show the harvest and production areas for several crops and specific technologies. Only files encompassing maize,soybean, wheat and rice crops as well as all technologies were processed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data was provided by the source as two zip files containing multiple TIFF files. The files show the harvest and production areas for several crops, disaggregated by specific technologies. Only files encompassing maize, soybean, wheat, and rice crops were processed at the complete crop level were used (combining all technologies for a total).
```

Please see the [Python script](https://github.com/resource-watch/data-pre-processing/blob/master/foo_005_rw1_crop_area_production/foo_005_rw1_crop_area_production_processing.py) for more details on this processing.

> You can view the processed Crop Land Area and Production dataset [on Resource Watch](in progress).

Reviewer: link to rw?

Author: adding it

You can also download the original dataset [from the source website](https://dataverse.harvard.edu/dataset.xhtml?persistentId=doi:10.7910/DVN/PRFF8V&version=4.0).

> ###### Note: This dataset processing was done by [Eduardo Castillero Reyes](https://wrimexico.org/profile/eduardo-castillero-reyes), and QC'd by ....

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### Note: This dataset processing was done by [Eduardo Castillero Reyes](https://wrimexico.org/profile/eduardo-castillero-reyes), and QC'd by [Amelia Snyder](https://www.wri.org/profile/amelia-snyder).
```
